Establishes contribution workflow (#20)
AlexandreDFM/Epicheck: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting
- Sustained disruption of community spaces

## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or permanently any contributor for behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

## Enforcement

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the project team at [contact email]. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.

Author: ```suggestion
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the project team at contact@alexandredfm.fr. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.
```
